Write a 500-word Medium post on analyzing the structure of a Web-based network. 
Relevant networks or graphs include the Web graph (e.g., edges between domains 
or edges between articles in a single web site) or online social networks. 
In your analysis, define what it means for a node to be "important" and describe 
how you might find such a node in the graph.


Identify a non-obvious insight you want to extract from your data, describing what 
decision(s) this insight might inform.
- Shows the most important/useful items in the game
- Shows relationships between specific items

Describe the source of your network data. Where did it come from, and how did you 
collect it?
- Found it on GitHub, in this repository: https://github.com/JayHales/Minecraft-Crafting-Web
- Pulled the json files from the 'recipes' and 'tags' folders.

Define what nodes and edges in your network represent and how you built 
this graph from your data.
- Nodes are items in minecraft
- Edges are a direct connection between crafting items
    - If an item is used to craft another item, those two items are connected

Define "importance" in your graph and identify a set of at least three important nodes.
- Stick is the most important
- Nodes that are isolated are not involved in many recipes. Example: Salmon -> Cooked Salmon
- Each type of wood shares a lot of the same connections, but they each have their own
'wood' variants-- Oak Door, Oak Planks, which makes them all have different neighbors

Describe any software you used to facilitate your network analysis 
(e.g., NetworkX, NodeXL, or similar).
NetworkX, Gephi

Describe how you cleaned up this data, common bugs you think others might 
encounter, and how you fixed them, etc.
Originally, was doing web-scraping, but noticed a flaw in the website I was using.
http://minecraftsavant.weebly.com/crafting-recipes.html

This website has incredibly weird HTML that made parsing situational and tedious.
Eventually, decided the work to pull the data wasn't worth it and stumbled on
the Minecraft items database on GitHub.

Another problem is that with the current data, the JSON files are not completely 
standardized-- a lot of them have different values for the same keys or are 
missing keys. Had to work out logic to handle that.

Include figures or tables summarizing your findings.

Conclude with a discussion of the limitations of your analysis. 
What’s missing? How might it be biased?
Limitations could be 

Include a link to your GitHub repository where you have code for this analysis.
https://github.com/foshesss/INST414_Assignments/tree/master/assignment2




